Hello and welcome back to the intro today and of course I hope you enjoyed the previous tutorial and
slowly you're seeing how we go about this to solve this problem in a visual way.
And also I hope you had a chance to play around and you know maybe explore some other variables and
do some other things and.
And today is going to be a tutorial about Tablo itself because by now you've probably or you may have
tried to save your work right after this.
I always like to press like control apps on the windows or comment as on a Mac and to actually you know
like save my progress but if you press comment s in public what you get is this or let's just close
this window for now.
And if you go to File Save there's no save button there's no say button there's a save to go public
in the save to tabel public as.
So what is this all about.
Well the reason for this is that Tatel public it's a free version of the software and it comes with
certain limitations and one of those limitations is that you cannot save the file to your desktop began
to save your work on your own computer.
And that's fair enough because it's an amazing software and they obviously need to somehow fund their
research and development in order to progress so that comes from people who pay for the public this
power tablet desktop version and in the public what they do provide is an option to save your work publicly
and that means you will save it on their server.
But everybody in the world will be able to access it and that's it.
So basically try and avoid using Tabeau public for sensitive data and for work related data but for
practice you can always use it.
So there's no problem with that.
So in order to save your work you click Save Tablo public you need to create an account.
You put it like you created here you log in or you can just click Create one for free you'd put in your
credentials here.
Check the terms of service and create your profile.
And so I just wanted to show you what it would look like to have an account.
So if we go to Google and we go to Tablo book
and we open it up here.
So there are several public.
And if you go to at the top if you go to Galerie you'll see everybody else's there's elections like
you know the popular ones go visit the day and things like that.
There's lots of realisations that people are actually building and you can explore them and you know
comment on them and see what other people are doing and these are all the things that are possible to
tackle.
I want to also show you my profile here just to demonstrate how this whole thing works so Carol
Inco to
give it a second so if you scroll down.
These are actually these submissions you'll see this like 280.
That's because I'm very grateful for this.
By the way like a lot of students from the other courses are uploading their work and tagging me in
it.
But if you go to my profile you'll see that I also profile and I have uploaded some project of my own.
So basically what I want to show you is that there is nothing like bad about having your data available
available publicly as long as it's not sensitive personal data or private information or work related
data.
As always it's practice projects like we're doing now.
Like I encourage students to upload the projects here to share and to you know show their friends and
colleagues and you know like maybe family or get feedback from others so here you can see like one of
the other one of those examples from from one of our other courses where we're doing some more advanced
analytics or building and dashboard and things like that.
So yeah that's just a quick note on Tablo public so don't be worried if you do want to save.
There's nothing wrong with your machine or if your version of tabel that's just how it works.
If you do want to proceed then feel free to create an account and you can save your work.
But otherwise even if you don't it's OK as well because you can just keep it open until we get to the
end of the section.
There's only a couple tutorials left.
And then when you do the next project you can just start in your new dashboard or a new tablet workbook.
So there you go.
That's how the Tumblr public works.
And we'll continue analyzing this on the next tutorial if you haven't played around yet.
Then I encourage you to do that.
You know check out a couple of other variables.
You know what happens if you look at I don't know like education or day of the week and things like
that and then we'll do it together next trial over there.
And until next that enjoy sense.